## CS-360 - Mobile Architecture and programming - Lance Cain

* CS-360 Project Three - Inventory Viewer Application


I selected of the three options an Inventory Viewer Application, the goal was to provide a secure SQLite based inventory viewer that would allow someone to protect an inventory file behind a simple username and password.  The app would then allow viewing of the items in the inventory and each items data, as well as modify the entries, delete the entries, and be notified if any of the entries reached a quantity of zero.
Creating a simple login screen that also allowed sign-up, then a data viewing screen as well as screens to modify entry values were all that was necessary for the simple nature of this app.  I kept UI design fairly simple, just moved some things around to make them more touch friendly and relevant to the apps goals.  Often I use pre-existing patterns I know to solve problems but I also try to do quick searches to see if there are new and better ways to go about solving for whatever data changes are necessary.
Some of the features of the app I tested by manually loading and pressing buttons and looking at the results of those actions, but in a real world application being developed, tests would be written to automate this process so that any future changes would be tested to ensure they do not break expected functionality.
Since I had not used android studio in over 8 years, with some rather nice changes happening in that time, the majority of my effort was becoming familiar with android studio.  The majority of patterns used for encryption and such I had already done research on while creating my authentication api, so there were no innovation ready challenges to overcome unfortunately.
Knowing how to structure the application to avoid having coupling in unnecessary locations as well as proper cohesion where it is necessary, was probably the strong part, though I did not finish the app and I have no intention of finishing this particular app because I need to create a similar app for an asp.net core time clock api that I am also working on.  It will use the authentication api and the timeclock api to provide a business solution.
